
With advances in machine learning over the last decade, especially in discriminative classification techniques, researchers have framed the ID problem as a sample classification task and SF as a sequence classification task. Typically, word n-grams are used as features af- ter preprocessing with generic entities, such as dates, locations, or phone numbers. Because of the very large dimension of the input space, large margin classifiers such as SVMs [11] or Adaboost[12] were found to be very good candidates for ID and CRFs [13] for SF. To take into account context, the recent trend is to match n-grams (a substring of n words) rather than words.
As discovered, data driven approaches are very well-suited for processing spontaneous spoken utterances. The data driven approaches are typically more robust to sentences that are not well-formed gram- matically, which occurs frequently in spontaneous speech. Even in broadcast conversations where participants are very well trained and prepared, a large percentage of the utterances have disfluencies: rep- etitions, false starts, and filler words (e.g., uh) [14]. Furthermore, speech recognition introduces significant “noise” to the SLU com- ponent caused by background noise, mismatched domains, incor- rect recognition of proper names (such as city or person names), and reduced accuracy due to sub-real time processing requirements. A typical call routing system operates at around 20%-30% word error rate; one out of every three to five words is wrong [15]. Given that the researchers in this study also determined that one third of the ID errors are due to speech recognition noise, robust methods for spon- taneous speech recognition are critically important for successful ID and SF in SLU systems. To this end, researchers have proposed many methods ranging from N-best rescoring, exploiting word con- fusion networks, and leveraging dialog context as prior knowledge (e.g., [15]).
